Presentation:

Demonstration: 

HOME PAGE
Explain the idea of a visual diary to show your moods over time in color.

Colors are organized in ranges of less energized to more energized.

Colors are tied to moods.

Users can signin or signup to create their own diary and log their personal moods.
Any visitor to the site can see all the moods for all the users.

EVERYBODY PAGE

User can view all the logged moods for all the users.
Information can be filtered by weather, city, state.
Drop downs allow the user to select specific categories.
The weather categories are being generated by the weather API.
It's possible to see patterns for moods over time in relation weather or locations.

SIGNUP PAGE

New users can create new diary by entering unique user name, email and a password.
They will be presented with a page for the current date and they have the option to enter moods nine times per day in range of early, mid, and late morning, afternoon and evening by clicking on the box for that time.

The user will be prompted to enter zipcode for the location which ties in the weather api.
An optional comment to elaborate on the feeling then click the mood they most identify with.

Submit returns to the whole day page. That will then update the location and temperature.

SIGNOUT 

SIGNIN 

User will open to current day and any moods already entered for that day.

User can review previous days by selecting from calendar.

A list view of moods and corresponding comments can be accessed by the COMMENT VIEW button.

back 

MONTHVIEW 

Renders a pie chart that shows proportiate rendering of moods for the past month.  Previous months can be selected too.

HOME PAGE

seque to TECHNICAL TALK...

FRONT END:

What was hard: 


SERVER 
    ->mood, user
    how we got to schema models we used
    authentication and user id 

WEATHER API
->user, weather-api
filtering by weather type and plugging into the mood schema
chart 

FILTER FOR ALL USERS

    ->users 
    challenges with filters

    Challenges writing tests for backend

FRONT END CODE

UserMain - controls the information for a specific user. 
    Fetch is made for hard coded data and for the user.

    One trick that occurred a lot was hardcoded data was for blocks

    The colors become references for mood object

    When dynamically updating the color components if/else to determine which references to pull if gray block or color.

